Initially, userA has no key, and userC has no key. The cloudA records that userA has deviceB and has no members, while userC has no device and no members. DeviceB is off, has no key, and trusts cloudA.

When any device has no key and cloudA calls the device API 'callAPI:openWindow' with any key as an argument, the device will record the new key. If a device has a key and a user calls the device API 'callAPI:bind' with the same key, the device will add the user to its trust set. If a device is off and trusts any principal, and the principal calls the device API 'callAPI:toggle', then the device will turn on. When cloudA records that any user has a device, and the user calls the cloud API 'cloudAPI:toggle', the cloud will call the device API 'callAPI:toggle' for the device. If cloudA records any user information and the user calls the cloudA API 'callAPI:invite' with any invited user as an argument, the cloud will add the invited user to its members. When cloudA records that any user has a member user and the member user has a device, and the user calls the cloudA API 'callAPI:kick' with the member user, the cloud will remove the member user from the members and remove the device from the member user's information. If cloudA records that any user has a device and a member user, and records that the member user has no device, cloudA will add the device to the member user's device. When any user has no key, cloudA records that the user has a device, and the user calls the cloudA API 'callAPI:openWindow' with the device, cloudA will trigger an event that calls the device API 'callAPI:openWindow' with a fresh key, and the user will know the key.

When any user knows any key, they can call the device API 'callAPI:bind' with the key. At any time, any user can call the API 'callAPI:toggle' for any device. At any time, any user can call the API 'cloudAPI:toggle' for cloudA. At any time, any user can call the cloudA API 'callAPI:openWindow' with any device. UserA can call the cloudA API 'callAPI:invite' with userC, and userC can call the cloudA API 'callAPI:invite' with userA. If any user has some members, any user can call the cloudA API 'callAPI:kick' with the member user.

[properties]
The userA will first invite the userC, then kick userC out.
In the meantime, the userC can perform any operations between or after the userA.
The cloudA always does not perform actions intentionally.
Eventually, there is a state that deviceB is off, and the cloudA records that userC has no device deviceB, and the next state userC performs some actions, deviceB is on and the cloudA records that userC has no device deviceB.
