Initially, userA has no key, userC has no key, the cloudA records that userA has device deviceB and no members, and records that userC has no device and no members. DeviceB is off, has no key, and trusts cloudA.

When any device has no key and cloudA calls the device API 'callAPI:openWindow' with any key as an argument, the device will record the new key. If a device has a key and any user calls the device API 'callAPI:bind' with the same key, the device will add the user to its trust set. When a device is off, trusts any principal, and the principal calls the device API 'callAPI:toggle,' the device will be turned on. If cloudA records that a user has a device and the user calls the cloud API 'cloudAPI:toggle,' then the cloud will call the device API 'callAPI:toggle' to the device. When cloudA records any user information and the user calls the cloudA API 'callAPI:invite' with an invited user as an argument, cloudA will add the invited user to its members. If cloudA records that a user has a member user and the member user has a device, and the user calls the cloudA API 'callAPI:kick' with the member user, cloudA will remove the member user from the members and also remove the device from the member user's information. If cloudA records that a user has a device and a member user, and the member user has no device, cloudA will add the device to the member user's device. If a user has no key, cloudA records that the user has a device, and the user calls the cloudA API 'callAPI:openWindow' with the device, cloudA will trigger an event that calls the device API 'callAPI:openWindow' with a fresh key, and the user will then know the key.

When any user knows a key, they can call the device API 'callAPI:bind' with the key. At any time, any user can call the API 'callAPI:toggle' to toggle any device. Similarly, any user can call the API 'cloudAPI:toggle' to toggle cloudA. At any time, any user can call cloudA's API 'callAPI:openWindow' with any device. UserA can call cloudA's API 'callAPI:invite' with userC, and userC can call cloudA's API 'callAPI:invite' with userA. If any user has members, they can call the cloudA API 'callAPI:kick' with a member user.

[properties]
The userA will first invite the userC, then kick userC out.
In the meantime, the userC can perform any operations between or after the userA.
The cloudA always does not perform actions intentionally.
Eventually, there is a state that deviceB is off, and the cloudA records that userC has no device deviceB, and the next state userC performs some actions, deviceB is on and the cloudA records that userC has no device deviceB.
