Initially, userA has no key, and userC also has no key. The cloudA records that userA has deviceB and no members, while userC has no device and no members. DeviceB possesses the key 'secret'.

When a device has a key and is off, if the owner user calls the device API 'callAPI:toggle' with the correct key, the device will turn on. If cloudA records any user information and the user calls the cloudA API 'callAPI:invite' with an invited user as an argument, the cloud will add the invited user to their members. If cloudA records that any user has a device and a member user, and the member user has no device, cloudA will add the device to the member user's devices. If cloudA records that any user has a member set and the user calls cloudA API 'callAPI:invite' with an invited user, the cloud will add the invited user to the members. If cloudA records that any user has a member user and the member user has a device, and the user calls cloudA API 'callAPI:kick' with the member user, the cloud will remove the member user from the members and also remove the device from the member user's information. When a device has a key and cloudA records that a user has the device, if the user calls cloudA API 'callAPI:getKey' with the device, cloudA will trigger an event to send the key to the user. When a device is off and cloudA records that a user has the device, if the user calls cloudA API 'cloudAPI:toggle', the device will turn on. When cloudA sends any user keys, the user adds the key to their knowledge.

When a user knows a key, they can call the device API 'callAPI:toggle' with the key on any device. Any user can also call cloud API 'cloudAPI:toggle' to cloudA, or call cloud API 'callAPI:getKey' to cloudA. UserA can call the cloudA API 'callAPI:invite' with userC, and userC can call the cloudA API 'callAPI:invite' with userA. If a user has members, they can call cloudA API 'callAPI:kick' with the member user.


[properties]
The userA will always take first invite the userC, then kick userC out. 
After that, in the next state userA will always not perform any operations.
In the meantime, the userC can perform any operations between or after the userA.
Eventually, there is a state that deviceB is off, and the cloudA records that userC has no device deviceB, and the next state userC performs some actions, deviceB is on and the cloudA records that userC has no device deviceB.
