[init]
Initially, the userA is not local to deviceB; the userC is not local to deviceB and knows no command; the cloudA has a cloud key 'secret' and records that deviceB trust userA; the deviceB trust userA.

[state changes]
When the cloud has a cloud key, and records that two users in any device's trust set, and a third user is local to the device, if the first user calls the cloud API 'revoke' with the second user, the cloud will remove the second user from the trust set and send the third user a message that consists of the device, encrypted cloud key with 'auth', API name 'revoke' and the second user.
When the cloud has a cloud key, and records that any user in any device's trust set, and a third user is local to the device, if the user calls the cloud API 'share' with a shared user, the cloud will add the shared user to the trust set and send the third user a message that consists of the device, encrypted cloud key with 'auth', API name 'share', and the shared user.
When the cloud has a cloud key, and any user calls the API 'proxy' with encrypted cloud key with 'auth', 'share', and any invited user to any device, the device will add the invited user to its trust set.
When the cloud has a cloud key, and any user calls API 'proxy' with encrypted cloud key with 'auth', 'revoke', and any revoked user to any device, the device will remove the revoked user from its trust set.
If the cloud sends userA a device and a command list, and userA is local to the device, userA will call the API 'proxy' to the device with the command list.
If the cloud sends userC a device and a command list, and userC is local to the device, userC will remember the command list.
If a user who is not local to a device approaches it, they become local to that device.
If a user is local to a device and then leaves, they become remote to that device.

[events]
Any user can call the cloud API "share" with any other user.
Any user can call the cloud API "revoke" with any other user.
If any user is local to any device, they can call the API 'proxy' on the device with a command list.
If userC is local to any device and knows a command list, userC can call the API 'proxy' on the device with the command list.
Any local user can leave the device.
Any remote user can approach a device.

[properties]
The userA will always first call API 'callAPI:share' to cloudA, then call API 'callAPI:revoke' to cloudA.
After calling API 'callAPI:revoke', the next state userA will always not perform any operations.
In the meantime, the userC can perform any operations between or after the userA.
Eventually, there is a state that the deviceB does not trust userC and cloudA records that deviceB does not trust userC, and the next state the deviceB trusts userC and cloudA records that deviceB does not trust userC.
