[init]
Initially, the userA is local to deviceB, has no key, and has no signed key; the userC is not local to deviceB, has no key and signed key; the deviceB has key '' and trust userA; the cloudA has a cloud key 'secret' and records that deviceB trust userA.

[state changes]
when any device has a key and any user has no key, and the user calls the API 'callAPI:getKey', the device will update its key to a fresh random string, and the user will update their knowledge with the fresh random string.
If the cloudA records that any user is in any device's trust set, and the user calls 'callAPI:signKey' with the device and a key as arguments, the cloud will encrypt its cloud key with the key and send it to the user.
When any device has a key, and a user calls 'callAPI:bind' on the device with a signed key that encrypt the cloud key with the key, the device will add the user to its trust set.  
When any cloud records that any user is in any device's trust set, and the user calls the API 'callAPI:share' to the cloud with a shared user and the device, the cloud will add the user to the device's trust set.
If the cloudA has recorded two users in any device's trust set and the first users calls 'callAPI:revoke' with the second, the cloud will remove the second user from the trust set.  
If the cloud sends any user any signed key, the user will know the signed key.
If a user who is not local to a device approaches it, they become local to that device.
If a user is local to a device and then leaves, they become remote to that device.

[events]
A local user can press the device's button.
If any user is local to a device, the user can call the API 'callAPI:getKey' on that device.
If any user has a signed key and is local to a device, the user can call the API 'callAPI:bind' on that device with the key.
If any user has a key, the user can call the cloud API 'callAPI:sign' with the key.
Any user can call the cloud API 'callAPI:share' with another user and the shared device.
Any user can call the cloud API 'callAPI:revoke' with another user and the shared device.
Any local user can leave the device.  
Any remote user can approach a device.

[properties]
The userA will always first call API 'callAPI:share' to cloudA, then call API 'callAPI:revoke' to cloudA.
After calling API 'callAPI:revoke', the next state userA will always not perform any operations.
In the meantime, the userC can perform any operations between or after the userA.
Eventually, there is a state that the deviceB does not trust userC and cloudA records that deviceB does not trust userC and , and the next state the deviceB trusts userC and cloudA records that deviceB does not trust userC.
